[Music]
I'm totally confused today, I don't know
exactly what I'm going to say in
this video because I haven't prepared a
script or anything like that
and just yesterday I finished recording a video at around three or
four in the morning (
Spanish time) about the
controversy that has surrounded
Cabrera and his circle this week, well, an
editor came out talking about the poor
conditions under which he was
contracted. Cabrera's side and well,
friends of the editor themselves seem to me to be a
bit of a joke, not because if he was in such
bad conditions and they treated you
badly and on top of that they didn't pay you and all that, well, they
ask you for the [ __ ] if what you're doing there, but
what did catch my attention a lot and it
seemed to me to be [ __ ] garbage of
people on my part to Cabrera was
the fact that a news story had come out
in which it was stated that he had an
open case of pedophilia. Nathan is the dwarf.
The dwarf in a team way entails
Cabrera that in addition this man, the dwarf, well,
had confirmed because he would have been
apologizing and the whole
roll of this, like, it wasn't a
lie, no, it wasn't  a hoax remember
last year
last year the year before when it was
made and they ran through there are many
false accusations and to give the one that the whole
side of the digital exit
said but we do not understand how it can be
that people follow him and that he has
such blind eagerness to put the things that there are
about him not when the difference was that he
gave his face he did not give
explanations of anything the things were
explained and in addition there was no
solid proof that supported those
accusations were visible until with the
passage of time they have disappeared but the thing is that
in this case in the case of her or
Cabrera we already have a lot of
stories that if they are confirmed take it out a
lot on some occasion what they have done has
been apologize turn the page as if
nothing had happened and let's go here it
will not be emphasized that a few
years ago there was already a case of abuse towards a
fan that they were even talking about in
fact on television there in their
countries and well with
incredible seriousness no what they did was go on
television to explain their version dressed in
propaganda for
viral clothes that are really tremendous and
then  on this subject of the dwarf
because we are talking about pedophilia
or ephebophilia which we often confuse
when a person of legal age
or has something sexual with girls of 13 14
15 years of age pedophilia is ephebophilia but
the case of the dwarf if who
apparently was pedophilia because it is spoken or
at least the means that I gave him as a
girl between 8 and 12 years disgusting and I
found a video of that kid
apologizing so therefore it
seems that there is something and it tells me a lot about
her or cabrera the fact that she
exalts him and even protects him because
in the video the check I am going to upload
tomorrow I am talking about a kid who 4
fought with nasa that he cabrera
supported him defended him and that he said that
messing with the healthy was messing with him
that at 15 he throws himself at me as if he was
getting involved because he was part of his
team let's see I noticed the guilt of what
my friends do but if I find
out that a friend of mine  does something like
local castle zeal directly or rather
directly cut off any type of
relationship I have with him and that I am not
related to him at all and I
insist we are talking about a very
serious issue we are no longer talking about a
[ __ ] up like for example a
fake stabbing that fakes his kidnapping the issue of him
stealing the channel to do it ramirez to the
legal side communicates that he got in there
and had to put [ __ ] noses by
balls to get on the vitality if it
is serious but it is not as serious
as what we are talking about and you know
we are already talking about pretty
[ __ ] up things and especially when there have already been
previous things efficient management of the
video that he uploaded here and in which
she does not confirm it and does not assure it and does not
mention that she is a cabrera of the youtuber
she is talking about she talks about a
youtuber who was a friend of hers who lived
in another country who was with him at a party she
trusted him they even
hooked up and the guy betrayed her
because he realized that during the
party because he was giving drugs he was not
giving him drugs the drink in
particular I think she is talking about  MMA
here in Spain they call it MDA why not
here in the south we are always
heard as Media and L Media is a
drug that apart from making you have a
better time oil make you feel more comfortable at a
party with a high it is characterized
because it makes you hornier valuate
increases sexual appetite let's say that
people who are under the effect of
MMA are at that moment hornier
more prone to sex people
have assumed that it is about that
cabrera so I made a video this
morning that I deleted I
made a video because the record of the foot
this just finished recording a
video and suddenly the video came out from here
and I was in shock because even though
here he and I had already talked about this
last year and everyone already
implied that it was about her cabrera
because the [ __ ] she loved her she posted some tweets
that I could rescue at dawn I had
the worst experience of my life I thought I would
n't be here today to tell it I wish I
was exaggerating I am safe now
after being pulled thrown and
locked in a house where I didn't know  to
no one since my friend fled as for
what I caught he tried to put drugs in my
water this is not all believe me when I say
that I didn't think I would get out of that place alive I will
tell you the details right now I
can only thank life for getting me
out of this place hurt but
except I am terrified right now I
am at the airport to leave
Argentina three weeks before the date
that I was leaving sad in reality thanks to
some [ __ ] who wanted to take advantage
and immediately after the viral team released
some images of her or cabrera
hooking up with kaelin stories on
instagram that we could see around these
dates where caeli was with the
viral team so white
and if now she makes this video talking about the
same thing telling the same situations I do
n't understand why she doesn't mention those
youtube say that more or less what she has
said has been white and in a bottle but
well here for the moment we are going to talk about the
supposed okay or rather people assume
that I am cabrera we here
have nothing confirmed at the moment I removed
the video that I posted this morning for the
same reason because I say I'm going to wait because
always also you know  that experience
teaches us to be skeptical and hope that there are
both versions but the day has passed
and there is no youtuber who has
spoken out on the matter to give another
version despite the fact that last year he
told this in tweets and also
ending it in a live broadcast in which he
began to cry it is not the same
when he made this video people have
totally turned to her because
we have empathized more with the truth than
empathizing more with a person when they
are showing you their body language
and according to the words that from my point of
view seem quite sincere she knows or
so always what I tell you let's
wait and see what the other side says
because right now we only have
one version if it's her or
Cabrera we already know what type of person
in how she does things we would have to add
the issue that there are already shady things
okay like for example
like for example the case of 2015 of the
girl this one has a girl who makes
string in tweets if I'm not mistaken a
very pretty girl who was taken to a
room while she was under the
effects quite her  due to the effect of
alcohol and between 3 or 4 they started to
touch the flame, it's not worth it
then of course you have to give it very well
to the other part to tell the
story in a way that makes you change your
vision because honestly I don't think
anyone has doubted the word of falling
and the way she tells it all
fits, I mean there are no flaws you know
that a case has always happened to me that has
later been faked and has been false
we have always caught inconsistencies
in the story but the thing is that here there is no
inconsistency or that is she travels to
another country because she has a role in a
series that she was really excited to
record and she has to be in this country for
like a month recording the series it turns out
that this youtuber who apparently
had a very good relationship with her
invites her to go out at night to party
taking advantage of the fact that she is in the same country as
her as a friend of him which she believed she was
because they are not really friends you
know she goes out with him that with him he behaves
in a very nice way with her
like protecting her all the time he
even manages to get away with her they do not
kiss from the club it's one thing
which is totally strong and I think
that should have set off her alarm bells.
It's at the time she's dealing
with him and a friend of his is recording it, of
course, what I'm telling you is the story
coincides perfectly with the fact that
last year around the same time she was in
another country that wasn't hers with the
viral team and some images of her
kissing Cabrera, which
he himself published publicly,
inspired this to you. To me, that's all that
smells to me. Before considering the possibility
of sexual abuse, it's a setup, a
setup on the part of me to Cabrera, which we already
know, like she does, we know that the typical thing she
always does, remember when she
fought with the crazy guy last year, what she
did was go look for the crazy guy
while she was recording, the crazy guy
pushed him because they have
personal problems and after
the altercation happened, he recorded the intro. Or if I
knew what was going to happen or what would happen, it
came in later when editing it, he put it
before the push. Also, we already
know that this isn't the first time that
Cabrera has caused this series of
situations.  in which I know he
records and fakes a robbery, not like here in
the tabloids we would say what a
robbery is, no here there are two things that
squeak, how [ __ ] disgusting you don't have to be
to try to make this type of post ag
to be on the lips of all these scalia
cabrera he doesn't care if I speak badly of him
sincerely legal problems abel or
to heal sad what I'm going to tell you
but even the laws there are
still lax and slower than here
in Spain and a person who handles
that much money has to have money yes or
yes a person who handles that much money
legal issues I don't know that it's something that
going to jail doesn't worry them as much
as a person maybe who is
less wealthy because they will always be
able to afford good lawyers to
fight because they will always be able to
afford fines it's that even
sometimes it doesn't mean anything to them it doesn't mean
anything to them in their life you know earn so much money
and move so much that maybe they don't even think
about the consequences things that on
her part seeing that he also says
that he totally changed his attitude the
moment she managed to ally with
her, she knows it's stopped being  so protective
of her so good even ignoring
her no because he had already gotten
it he had to have
felt the win his uncle had told me they are
going to 20 pigs or rather the pig who was
sleeping with you in another country
that he trusts to be with you go out with you
are friends also you have the
trust of coja vida a kiss and you are
betraying the guy to the point of giving her
drugs no the girl there comes a moment the
next night the second night that she
goes out with them in which she asks
these people for water and one of them comes to her with
a bottle of water
she checks and this is a very
important thing I love that she has
clarified for the kids so that they keep an
eye on each other and that is when
someone comes to you with a bottle I
am always aware of what you are
experiencing whether it is a basket and drinks or be
very careful when a friend comes with
a drink that he has gone to ask for or with
a bottle and you always know that when you
are going to use a bottle you break the
seal it does not come with a I have a feeling that
all the clan and she realized that she had
like arenita she calls it and this is the
average  and the whole story she tells and the
way she tells it the truth seems
totally sincere it doesn't seem acted I'm
telling you, I mean
things have to change a lot for me to change what I
believe right now I've even
come to like it quite a lot the whole part
is when the police arrive at the house
is where they are partying but the police
can't enter through her and she is the one who
has to cross the entire house to go out
to the street and while she is
crossing the entire house all the people from
the party are insulting her talking about her
hair waiting for her it seems incredible to me I
mean on the part of the youtubers that I
already told you that until now people
are assuming that she's already angry
because [ __ ] everything fits with the date the
photo the images that are there but none
of the protagonists have confirmed it
but let's go to the youtuber who is
supposed to be her friend how does he let them
do that to her I mean because if
nothing was happening he would let her leave no
the crazy one is calling the police and
cutting off no whole night thing not
before she gets out of here to
hell the people waiting and the friends  or
supposed friends do nothing you will never
see what was really the
purpose they had in controlling them I
sincerely think of the worst because there
are many stories with these people of
this type like the one of the dwarf which is
quite current and like the one of the girl
who came out in 2015 although she was with them
in a hotel room drunk
so putting ourselves in the worst then
surely between the three or four who
were there the intention was for
the girls to go crazy and abuse
or putting ourselves in the mildest the best
maybe he wanted to continue sleeping with
her simply kissing her and
so on to be recording it and then
make viral videos on youtube and now
the best thing is that he just wanted to stay there I
tell you luckily it didn't go any
further although it seems to me that
the situation that
she lived through that night is quite serious and traumatic how long it is how long
the hours must have seemed to her
but well in the end although she was
injured she came out safe but we can
never know what would have
happened and well I think that in a
certain way it's better that things stay
that way  we don't know what would have
happened and that it hadn't happened to what
had happened and it really would be a
bad experience for that girl for
life as she had said she
has no legal term that could
serve to defend herself or to make her
pay she made this video because I
imagine that this will weigh on her more one thing
that is noticeable because we are talking about
an issue from more than a year ago or rather
when this issue already happened more than a
year ago she was crying she told him that
she would talk and such and a year goes by and
suddenly she talks about the issue again and she
needs to make that video it's because you
need to take the weight of the cip off yourself and
vent test already therapeutically
many times for us I had it is
very important no I don't think she did it
to get attention or anything like that
because I think she is a
girl who doesn't need it and look they
also screwed up the experience and they
screwed up a project that the illusion of doing it, it's
not that they gave them their entire
working life because this girl is doing very
well she hasn't been on youtube for many years she
has 16 million subscribers but it
is true that the girl went there to
make a project of the
solution and because of four points
[ __ ] clowns well they screwed it up he
came back from the trip because before rejecting
rejecting what he was doing and the
first thing I thought when he
was thinking about this is if they
do this to him and the first thing I thought
when I was today when I was all
day thinking about this issue is if they
do this to a youtube that has a lot of
voice and they can report it at least
mediatically although not legally
because there is no evidence that he will not make
girls who take any
weekend home to that mansion where they
simply live the girls they meet at
parties and things like that who do not have much
voice and you go to know not everything that
will make these people be in the end
turns out to be confirmed that it is
her or cabrera and her team that as I
tell you we always speak from the
assumption because it has not been confirmed but
everything points to that it could be him if it is about
him I tell you that we are no longer
talking about things like a
false stabbing or that he has screwed up in x
things are already things that go beyond
human rights  and with that we will be
talking about [ __ ] crimes no
I know some other youtuber who
talks to him and from here I want to tell
everyone that I would cut off any relationship
for that I would not want I would not want
at all to
have any kind of cordiality with
this type of people I believe that this
type of people should be
completely ignored in what is
any platform and I also
tell the people who followed them to the
people who followed them who support this type
of content and that you make these people
have power you are supporting things like
this you are supporting things
like this to happen I don't know because I'm not
aware or rather because when I was 8 9
10 11 or 12 years old I think that yes I was
small but I wasn't an idiot either
at the end of the day no so from here
I invite everyone to stop
giving power to this type of youtuber
with these records no that is what I am
telling you legal term in this case
absolutely nothing is going to happen to him he will
also be released and in the case that it was
already or cabrera and  I repeat always of
course but in the case that it was
confirmed that it was already or Cabrera it
would be very shady no this is not because of
tomorrow's video and it is that after the
pedophilia issue in which he is in which
his partner is involved he dares
to put out on his channel thumbnails as
shady as this one pretending that
the dwarf is the boyfriend of a girl
seven years old how [ __ ] scary we are
talking goddesses in these matters it is very
black okay it touches me a lot
from here
to send her all the support in the world from myself here Ellis I consider that she has been very brave to speak out and that with it she has helped many people to take care of themselves in a certain way and I do not want my
words to be misinterpreted because I do not want to blame
her but that happens to her for
surrounding herself with people like that not with people like that
disgusting I repeat she is not guilty but she
has trusted people that she
should not have paid attention to what I want to say with
this well to everyone to all the
boys and girls who are watching my
video to be very careful with
who gets together should be very careful
because the night and life are bad
always watch your back okay don't
trust anyone and especially when it
comes to consumer issues like
someone offers you a drink or
anything to drink be very careful
keep a thousand eyes please protect yourself and I
only have to say that okay as a
strong summary of all this
anyone who has any kind of relationship
with
youtubers and it is confirmed that it is about
them then I would ask you for a little
decency and that you turn your backs and not
only on youtube or mary colleagues
that they get along with them but also
the audience like that okay don't support these
people please you are making them
powerful and with that they continue doing
other things and going unpunished here him and
a huge hug and all the strength in the
world and to my kids well nothing you already
know the advice I just gave me
too and I will be reading you through the
comment box and until the next
video